docs: upgrade page for aws deploy (#925)
treeverse/lakeFS: docs/deploying/upgrade.md

---
layout: default
title: Upgrade lakeFS
parent: AWS Deployment
nav_order: 50
has_children: false
---

> # Upgrade lakeFS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Upgrading lakeFS
```

{: .no_toc }

> Upgrade lakeFS from previous version usually require just downloading the latest release or deploy the latest version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upgrading lakeFS from a previous version usually just requires re-deploying with the latest image (or downloading the latest version, if you're using the binary).
```

> There are cases where lakeFS database will require a migrate - check the [releases](https://github.com/treeverse/lakeFS/releases) you are upgrade from, if any requires that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are cases where the database will require a migration - check whether the [release](https://github.com/treeverse/lakeFS/releases) you are upgrading to requires that.
```

# Migrating

> In case migration is required, stop the running lakeFS service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case a migration is required, first stop the running lakeFS service.
```

> Using the new lakeFS version, run the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the `lakefs` binary for the new version, run the following:
```

```bash
lakefs migrate up
```

> Run and/or deploy the new version of lakeFS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deploy (or run) the new version of lakeFS.
```

> Note that previous version of lakeFS will not run on new migrated database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that an older version of lakeFS cannot run on a migrated database.
```

> Rolling back changes will require running

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rolling back to a previous version will require migrating down, using the command:
```

```bash
lakefs migrate goto <number>
```

> The <number> depends on the verison of lakeFS you roll back.

Reviewer: Is there a way for them to get the number?

Author: I'll add - probably using lakefs migrate version

Author: updated
